---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-30T00:47:05.335Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-30T00:46:59.589Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-30-0c30d64c-1141-4e20-852f-afb2c8342feb.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 0c30d64c-1141-4e20-852f-afb2c8342feb/index.html
_type: Article

---
TESTIMONIALS

> "Before I started seeing Dr. Shapiro, I had constant back pain, despite being physically active and fit. Since I started seeing him,my back pain has disappeared.I would encourage anyone who has any back or neck pain to see him. I also had headaches a few times a week, and they are gone as well, since I started seeing Dr. Shapiro."  -Susanna Kramer

> "I have been a patient of Dr. Shapiro, on and off again for several years. Dr. Shapiro is always at the forefront of his industry with technology and healing techniques.He has a very practical, yet efficient approach to healing and curing health related problems. Most important, Dr. Shapiro has always provided me with great care and positive results." -Craig Grossman

_"Dr. Shapiro uses totally unique and gentle approach to healing. Very skilled and knowledgeable in all areas of chiropractic and also in naturalistic/holistic medicine. Have tried many other chiropractors and no one compares to Dr. Shapiro! GO TO HIM! HE ACTUALLY CARES!" -Herc Fede_

> "I began treatment with Dr. Shapiro for chronic back pain. I have continued to meet with him because he has proved to be an exceptional practitioner. Dr. Shapiro has helped to decrease my pain and fatigue while improving my energy and overall sense of well being. I am extremely confident in Dr. Shapiro's intent, skills, and goals. He is at least the 5th chiropractor that I've met with in the past few years and he is hands down the best!" -Melissa Borrell, CMT, BSN, RN

_["With my job, I don't have time for pain. Dr. Shapiro gets me up and running quickly.A true professional - I highly recommend!" -Rich Fravel][0]_

> "I never knew how much chiropractic care could help overall health...since beginning treatment with Dr. Shapiro, I have overcome chronic sinus headaches, recurring heartburn, and constant back tightness.He has helped me achieve near perfect posture and a whole new level of spinal alignment. I feel great and am performing better in the weight room than ever before." -Josh Castell

**Check out**

[**Testimonials**][1]

**to read more of what my patients have to say.**

**Thank you for visiting my website. Feel free to call my direct office line:**

**(215) 627-1610**

**or **

**Email:**

[**DrCraigShapiro@me.com**][2]

**with any questions you may have and to see if I can help YOU.**

[0]: null
[1]: http://www.yourchiropracticoffice.com/Testimonials.html
[2]: mailto:drcraigshapiro@me.com